Bitvise FlowSsh License Terms

Bitvise Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in Gibraltar with
incorporation number 90668, ("Bitvise"), has developed and continues to
develop a Windows SSH library for use with C, C++ and .NET applications named
FlowSsh ("FlowSsh"), to which it owns all right, title, and interest, and is
willing to grant you, meaning any individual or entity who will use FlowSsh,
("you"), the license to use FlowSsh, upon the condition that you agree to,
accept, and adhere to all of the terms herein.


1. Right of use.

You are granted the right to use FlowSsh in the sense that you may create
software programs which interact with FlowSsh by making calls to functions,
classes and methods exposed by FlowSsh's programmatic interface.

You may NOT reverse engineer or disassemble or modify FlowSsh or any of its
components. You may NOT access FlowSsh functionality otherwise than through
the published programmatic interface. You may NOT circumvent the FlowSsh
activation process. You may NOT use FlowSsh beyond the scope legally permitted
where such use is taking place.


2. License fees.

You are granted the right to use FlowSsh free of charge for evaluation and
testing only. In order to use FlowSsh for any purpose beyond evaluation and
testing, you MUST first pay license fees appropriate for your usage purpose
and circumstances, as determined by Bitvise. You may NOT use FlowSsh for a
purpose or in circumstances for which license fees were not paid.


3. Distribution.

If you have ensured for correct and full payment of license fees according to
Section 2 (License fees), the right of use obtained this way MAY include
permission to create, distribute and/or market applications that use FlowSsh.
If you receive such permission, you may distribute the main functional
components of FlowSsh only together with your applications that use them, and
only in the form of digitally signed, unmodified Dynamic Link Libraries as
provided by Bitvise. The license terms for applications you distribute and/or
market shall ensure equal or superior protection for Bitvise as these License
Terms provide.


4. Ownership.

These License Terms do not convey to you any ownership interest in FlowSsh.
You are merely granted the license to use FlowSsh, and potentially to
incorporate and distribute it with your applications. All rights granted are
revoked if you breach these License Terms.


5. Support and Upgrades.

Bitvise may provide support, maintenance, and access to new versions of
FlowSsh (upgrades) on terms and for a price determined by Bitvise. Access to
support, maintenance, and/or upgrades is guaranteed only if such services were
purchased, and only to the extent, and for a duration, as stated by Bitvise
when purchase of such services was made.


6. Indemnification.

Under the condition that you have ensured for correct and full payment of
license fees according to Section 2 (License fees), Bitvise will indemnify you
and your officers, directors, agents, employees, and direct and indirect end
user customers against all claims, actions, judgments, awards, expenses
(including reasonable attorney's fees) and damages awarded or agreed by
Bitvise to be paid in settlement arising from a claim asserting that an
unaltered release of FlowSsh including any modifications or enhancements
(collectively the "Indemnified Software") released by Bitvise to the public
during the term of this Agreement and used in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement infringes a third-party copyright, trade secret or U.S. patent
so long as you give Bitvise (a) prompt written notice of such claim or action;
(b) the right to control and direct the investigation, preparation, defense,
and settlement of the action; and (c) reasonable assistance and information.
If a final injunction is obtained against your right to continue using the
Indemnified Software or, if in Bitvise's opinion the Indemnified Software is
likely to become the subject of a claim, Bitvise shall have the option to (i)
obtain the right for you to continue using the Indemnified Software; or (ii)
replace or modify the Indemnified Software so that it no longer infringes but
functions equivalently and the replacement software does not affect the form,
fit or function (including interoperability) of the Indemnified Software. If
Bitvise determines that neither of these alternatives is practicable after
sustained and reasonable efforts, Bitvise shall remove the infringing portion
and refund to you an applicable portion of the monies you paid for the
affected software less depreciation for use assuming straight line
depreciation over a five-year useful life.


7. Assignment.

If you have obtained the right to use FlowSsh for a certain purpose and in
certain circumstances by arranging payment of appropriate license fees, the
arising rights of use shall benefit your organization's permitted successors.
However, you may not assign these rights, or your obligations according to
these License Terms, to a third party, unless explicitly permitted by Bitvise.


8. Limitation of Responsibility.

You may NOT use FlowSsh unless you agree that you, or any user of your
application(s) that incorporate FlowSsh, shall NOT hold Bitvise responsible or
liable:

- for any damage or harm caused or arising through anyone's use, misuse or
  attempted use of FlowSsh, whether direct or indirect, including but not
  limited to any failure of or within FlowSsh, any programming error in,
  triggered by or related to FlowSsh, or any incorrect or illegal use of
  FlowSsh. Either you, or the users of your application(s) that incorporate
  FlowSsh, shall assume the entire risk of the results and performance of the
  use of FlowSsh;

- for any damage or harm caused by a technical or administrative problem on
  the recipient's or intermediary's behalf that cannot reasonably be cured by
  Bitvise, including but not limited to any DNS or mail server issue or a
  problem with a proxy, a firewall, email filtering or another network device.

You agree that Bitvise's total liabilities, if any, arising from these License
Terms, or from your use of FlowSsh, or from anyone's use of your
application(s) that incorporate FlowSsh, shall not exceed the amount actually
paid to Bitvise for such use of FlowSsh. Any use of FlowSsh that requires
greater assurance may be only at yours, or your end users', risk and
responsibility.

If you were granted the right to distribute FlowSsh with your application(s),
you shall ensure that your license terms protect Bitvise's limitation of
responsibility as per this section, and agree that Bitvise may hold you liable
for any costs arising from your failure to do so.


9. Headings.

Headings and captions are for convenience only and are not to be used in the
interpretation of these License Terms.


10. Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue.

These License Terms shall be governed by the laws of England. You may NOT use
FlowSsh unless:

- you agree that any suit brought in relation to these License Terms shall be
  brought in a court sitting in England, and that venue is proper in England;

and

- you agree not to dispute the personal jurisdiction of a court sitting in
  England.


11. Severability.

If any provision of these License Terms is adjudged by any court of competent
jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid, and that provision is capable of
being limited or eliminated without destroying the material economic
incentives of Bitvise to extend these License Terms and for you to accept
them, then such provision shall be so limited or eliminated to the minimum
extent necessary so that these License Terms shall otherwise remain in full
force and effect and enforceable.


12. Waiver.

No failure to exercise or delay in exercising any right under these License
Terms will operate as a waiver of that right, nor will any single or partial
exercise of any right or power preclude further exercise of that right or any
other right.

